Get started with D4C - enable prebuilt rule details (#3687)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cloud-native-security/d4c-get-started.asciidoc

In order to detect threats using this data, you'll need active <<detection-engine-overview, detection rules>>. Elastic has prebuilt detection rules designed for this data. (You can also create your own <<rules-ui-create, custom rules>>.)

To install and enable the prebuilt rules:

. Go to *Security > Manage > Rules*, then click *Add Elastic rules*.

> . Use the *Tags* selector to search for `container`. Select the `Data Source: Elastic Defend for Containers` tag.

Reviewer: Looks like we [refer](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/8.9/rules-ui-management.html#sort-filter-rules) to this the Tags filter. Also, instead of telling users to search for part of a tag, can we tell users to search for the full tag name (e.g., `Data Source: Elastic Defend for Containers`)?

```suggestion
. Click the *Tags* filter next to the search bar, and search for the `Data Source: Elastic Defend for Containers` tag.
```

. Select all the displayed rules, then click *Install _x_ selected rule(s)*.

> . Return to the Rules page. Use the *Tags* selector to search for `container`. Select the `Data Source: Elastic Defend for Containers` tag.

Reviewer: Minor style change and same feedback as above:  
```suggestion
. Return to the *Rules* page. Click the *Tags* filter next to the search bar, and search for the `Data Source: Elastic Defend for Containers` tag.
```

. Select all the rules with the tag, and then click *Bulk actions > Enable*.

[[d4c-get-started-drift]]
[discrete]
== Get started with drift detection and prevention

{elastic-sec} defines container drift as the creation or modification of an executable within a container. Blocking drift restricts the number of attack vectors available to bad actors by prohibiting them from using external tools.

> To enable drift detection, you can use the default D4C policy:

Reviewer: Should this be a pre-req section instead?

> . Make sure the <<d4c-default-policies, default policy>> has not been deleted and remains active.

Reviewer: Noob question: can the default D4C policy be auto-deleted? If not, why would someone delete it? I'm a little unclear on why we're including this detail here.   

Also, I'm not sure we need to represent this info as a step. In fact, it seems like it's a pre-req to enabling drift detection. 

```suggestion
. Make sure the <<d4c-default-policies, default D4C policy>> has not been deleted and is active.
```

> . Make sure you enabled at least the "Cloud Workload Protection" rule, by following the steps to install prebuilt rules, above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Make sure you enabled at least the "Container Workload Protection" rule, by following the steps to install prebuilt rules, above.
```

> . Make sure you enabled at least the "Container Workload Protection" rule, by following the steps to install prebuilt rules, above.

Reviewer: This also looks like a pre-req to enabling drift detection, not the actual steps for doing it.

. Select the *Alert* and *Block* actions.
. Click *Save integration*.

> IMPORTANT: Before you enable blocking, we strongly recommend that you observe a production workload using the default policy to ensure that the workload does not create or modify executables as part of its normal operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Before you enable blocking, we strongly recommend observing a production workload that's using the default D4C policy to ensure that the workload doesn't create or modify executables as part of its normal operation.
```
